docs: add standalone AI Gateway docs (#27592)
coder/coder: docs/ai-coder/ai-gateway/standalone.md

- The startup probe is disabled by default.

`/healthz` can return HTTP 200 while `/readyz` returns HTTP 503.
This occurs while the initial connection to `coderd` is being established, before the initial provider load, and whenever the control connection drops.
A replica can only become ready after its initial provider load succeeds, and it returns to ready whenever the control connection recovers.
Kubernetes removes an unready replica from the Service, so clients normally stop reaching it.
A request that still arrives waits for the control connection instead of failing.

Port-forward the Service to inspect both endpoints:

```sh
kubectl port-forward \
  --namespace coder-ai-gateway \
  service/coder-ai-gateway \
  4001:80
```

In another terminal, run:

```sh
curl --fail http://127.0.0.1:4001/healthz
curl --fail http://127.0.0.1:4001/readyz
```

Both endpoints return HTTP 200 with an empty body when the replica is serving and ready.

List Gateway keys and verify that the key has a recent heartbeat:

```sh
coder ai-gateway keys list
```

The `LAST HEARTBEAT AT` column holds the timestamp.
The first heartbeat is recorded when the replica connects.

> Active sessions update the timestamp every 60 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An active control connection updates the timestamp every 60 seconds.
```

```sh
helm get notes ai-gateway --namespace coder-ai-gateway
```

If you use your own Kubernetes manifests, use the URL of the Service you created.
Set the Service URL on the Coder control plane, for example:

```sh
CODER_AI_GATEWAY_PROXY_TARGET=http://coder-ai-gateway.coder-ai-gateway.svc.cluster.local:80
```

Restart or upgrade the Coder deployment after changing this setting.
The proxy appends the provider name and request path to the target, so do not include query parameters.

### Direct AI clients

Clients that use `<Coder access URL>/api/v2/ai-gateway/<provider-name>/` continue to reach the embedded Gateway.
To route these clients to the standalone Gateway, replace the Coder access URL and embedded route prefix with the standalone endpoint while keeping the provider path.

For example, if the Gateway is reachable at `https://ai-gateway.example.com` and the providers are configured, configure Claude Code with:

```sh
ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL=https://ai-gateway.example.com/anthropic
```

Configure an OpenAI-compatible client with:

```sh
OPENAI_BASE_URL=https://ai-gateway.example.com/openai/v1

> ```

Reviewer: You also need to set `ANTHROPIC_AUTH_TOKEN=${CODER_TOKEN}` / `OPENAI_API_KEY=${CODER_TOKEN}` / etc.

Author: This paragraph is only about how to reach the Gateway. I'm not sure about adding whole configuration here. Better examples are in clients docs, eg: https://github.com/coder/coder/blob/5d2a69d85a2e47b37d1369fe77809cf348c7e161/docs/ai-coder/ai-gateway/clients/claude-code.md

I could add link to that part of documentation, something like "For full configuration examples refer to [docs/ai-coder/ai-gateway/clients/index.md]".

Reviewer: That sounds good to me!

Author: Added link.
